The effect of the number of extraction tone phase measurements on the total uncertainty of X-parameter measurements
==
The X-parameter behavioural model is widely used in industry and academia to capture the nonlinear response of microwave devices such as high power amplifiers. This model can be extracted from electromagnetic wave measurements performed using a nonlinear vector network analyser (NVNA). Throughout these measurements, the device-under-test (DUT) is subject to various stimuli to which it may be subjected during use. An important variation of these stimuli is that a second “extraction tone” admitted to the device has its phase swept through several different values. The measurements of this phase response are used within a least squares estimator inside the X-parameter extraction algorithm to produce many of the terms within the model. The choice of how many extraction tone phases to use is left to the user and is a significant contribution to measurement duration. In this paper, we investigate the effect of this decision on the total measurement uncertainty in the extracted X-parameter model, providing users with a better understanding of the impact on their results.

There is an older paper from Leuven http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/5517853, 'A method to select correct stimuli levels for s-functions behavioral model extraction', 2010, which covers the importance of selecting the right stimuli, but not for X-Parameters or with uncertainty propagation.
I propose we do a simple investigation by repeating my current measurements with different settings on the X-Parameter extractor in the PNA-X. This should be very easy to carry out, and would need a few days of measurement time.
